README.md, before:

# Gita - The Song of Bhagwad

A mobile application on the Srimad Bhagwad Gita using Flutter.

<p align="left">
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sbg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="90"/></a>
</p>

## Features
- **Explore Srimad Bhagavad Gita:** Access the content of Srimad Bhagavad Gita, segmented into chapters and verses, allowing you to delve into the teachings and wisdom of this sacred scripture.
- **Bookmark Favorite Verses:** Mark and save your favorite verses for quick reference and easy access whenever you need them.
- **Last Read Verse:** The app remembers the last verse you read, allowing you to continue from where you left off, ensuring a seamless reading experience.

## Screenshots 

<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/sZn_qqDk-NuQ9EotKr3YpaNnK-cD07jRQP4nJG3LhvEQ2sjkUmVOoZTM9FYUKAQy47A=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/HWnacEi6MhLQR_ohkQO6U1cQBk_3WhnASw8rnW5pPmWNhC8-kBV2c0fLD4LuZsYzovQ=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/eoO6XYpuGGPNzDOsbd0AMgxzXrWXsBQqKOuaaFkLoEDx_-dd8R3nThH9Zr5qTrDOa_s=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/8GsTO1fPNvuh9TiKzR8ftpIl-uNU-jcQB8LTeczp5yS7Ptba7NDqvFCIqktJMxU6uss=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>


## Installation
1. **Clone the repository:**
   git clone https://github.com/username/repo.git
2. Open the project in your favourite IDE. I use Intellij.
3. Run the following commands -
   - flutter pub get
   - flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
4. Build and run the app on a device or emulator.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Contact
If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to contact me at mishraaditya595@gmail.com.

### Show some ❤️ by starring the repository!

[//]: # ([![Stargazers repo roster for @mishraaditya595/Gita-App]&#40;https://reporoster.com/stars/mishraaditya595/Gita-App&#41;]&#40;https://github.com/mishraaditya595/Gita-App/stargazers&#41;)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # ([![Forkers repo roster for @mishraaditya595/Gita-App]&#40;https://reporoster.com/forks/mishraaditya595/Gita-App&#41;]&#40;https://github.com/mishraaditya595/Gita-App/network/members&#41;)

Commit message:

flutterfire changes added to readme

README.md, after:

# Gita - The Song of Bhagwad

A mobile application on the Srimad Bhagwad Gita using Flutter.

<p align="left">
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sbg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="90"/></a>
</p>

## Features
- **Explore Srimad Bhagavad Gita:** Access the content of Srimad Bhagavad Gita, segmented into chapters and verses, allowing you to delve into the teachings and wisdom of this sacred scripture.
- **Bookmark Favorite Verses:** Mark and save your favorite verses for quick reference and easy access whenever you need them.
- **Last Read Verse:** The app remembers the last verse you read, allowing you to continue from where you left off, ensuring a seamless reading experience.

## Screenshots 

<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/sZn_qqDk-NuQ9EotKr3YpaNnK-cD07jRQP4nJG3LhvEQ2sjkUmVOoZTM9FYUKAQy47A=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/HWnacEi6MhLQR_ohkQO6U1cQBk_3WhnASw8rnW5pPmWNhC8-kBV2c0fLD4LuZsYzovQ=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/eoO6XYpuGGPNzDOsbd0AMgxzXrWXsBQqKOuaaFkLoEDx_-dd8R3nThH9Zr5qTrDOa_s=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>
<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/8GsTO1fPNvuh9TiKzR8ftpIl-uNU-jcQB8LTeczp5yS7Ptba7NDqvFCIqktJMxU6uss=w1052-h592-rw" alt="Screenshot" height="350" width="200"/></a>


## Installation
1. **Clone the repository:**
   git clone https://github.com/username/repo.git
2. Enable Firebase CLI in your system if not already. Visit: https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli#install-cli-windows for installation guide.
3. Login to firebase through command line by running command 
    - firebase login
2. Open the project in your favourite IDE. I use Intellij.
3. Run the following commands -
   - flutter pub get
   - dart pub global activate flutterfire_cli
   - flutterfire configure (This will start a command line interface for you to select the Firebase project you want to link to the Flutter project. After you complete this, a firebase_options.dart file will be generated in your lib/ folder.)
   - flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
4. Build and run the app on a device or emulator.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Contact
If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to contact me at mishraaditya595@gmail.com.

### Show some ❤️ by starring the repository!

[//]: # ([![Stargazers repo roster for @mishraaditya595/Gita-App]&#40;https://reporoster.com/stars/mishraaditya595/Gita-App&#41;]&#40;https://github.com/mishraaditya595/Gita-App/stargazers&#41;)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # ([![Forkers repo roster for @mishraaditya595/Gita-App]&#40;https://reporoster.com/forks/mishraaditya595/Gita-App&#41;]&#40;https://github.com/mishraaditya595/Gita-App/network/members&#41;)
